
Elvio Amparore, Italy
amparore@di.unito.it 

Abel Armas Cervantes, Australia
abel.armas@unimelb.edu.au

Paolo Baldan, Italy
baldan@math.unipd.it

Benoit Barbot, France 
benoit.barbot@u-pec.fr

Béatrice Bérard, France
Beatrice.Berard@lip6.fr

Didier Buchs, Switzerland
didier.buchs@unige.ch 

Josep Carmona, Spain
jcarmona@cs.upc.edu

Thomas Chatain, France
chatain@lsv.fr

Raymond Devillers, Belgium
Raymond.Devillers@ulb.ac.be

Jörg Desel, Germany
joerg.desel@fernuni-hagen.de

Susanna Donatelli, Italy
susi@di.unito.it

Boudewijn van Dongen, The Netherlands
b.f.v.dongen@tue.nl

Loïc Helouet, France
loic.helouet@inria.fr   

Javier Esparza, Germany
esparza@in.tum.de 

David de Frutos Escrig, Spain
defrutos@sip.ucm.es  

Stefan Haar, France
stefan.haar@inria.fr

Xudong He, USA 
hex@cis.fiu.edu

Marieke Huisman, The Netherlands
m.huisman@utwente.nl

Ryszard Janicki, Canada
janicki@cas.mcmaster.ca

Anna Kalenkova, Australia
anna.kalenkova@unimelb.edu.au

Jörg Keller, Germany
joerg.keller@fernuni-hagen.de

Michael Köhler-Bußmeier, Germany
michael.koehler-bussmeier@haw-hamburg.de 

Irina Lomazova
ilomazova@hse.ru

Robert Lorenz, Germany 
robert.lorenz@informatik.uni-augsburg.de

Roland Meyer, Germany 
roland.meyer@tu-braunschweig.de 
 
Lukasz Mikulski, Poland
mikulskilukasz@gmail.co

Andrew Miner, USA
asminer@cs.iastate.edu 

Andrey Mokhov, UK
andrey.mokhov@newcastle.ac.uk

Marco Montali, Italy
montali@inf.unibz.it

Jaco van de Pol, Denmark
jaco@cs.au.dk 

Dumitru Potop, France
dumitru.potop@inria.fr

Pierre-Alain Reynier, France
pierre-alain.reynier@lis-lab.fr 

Arnaud Sangnier, France
sangnier@irif.fr 

Natalia Sidorova, The Netherlands
n.sidorova@tue.nl

Alex Yakovlev, UK
alex.yakovlev@ncl.ac.uk

Wlodek Zuberek, Canada 
wlodek@mun.ca

 